# hangman_game
 Implement the Hangman game  *Rules for the game* i.Use the list of club names provided below,out of which the computer (interpreter) will choose 1 random word. _Club list:{EMOTICA,AVC,SOULS,VIBRANZ, PICXELS}_  ii.Each of these are associated with a description or hint.The hints for the respective clubs are as follows: 1.Emotica:performs theatricals. 2.AVC:where writings are turned into cinema. 3.SOULS: speaks through music. 4.VIBRANZ: makes music alive. 5.PICXELS: It freezes the  memories for us.   iii.The word should be displayed  in encrypted form along with the hint then the user is asked whether he wants to guess the entire word or guess the letters in the word one by one.(only fir the first time)  iv. The initial score of the player will be 10 points.  v.If the user chooses to guess the entire word at once   then if he successfully makes the correct guess then display the word and 5 points will be awarded ,he wins the game so display the score and the game stops. But if he fails to make the correct guess then 3 points are deducted from the score and then he can make further guess for the entire word till the score greater than 0. The game gets over if the score becomes zero.  v. If the user chooses to guess the letter one by one then If the correct letter is guessed ,display the letter(with correct placement) and 3 points will be awarded else 2 points will be deducted for each wrong guess.  vi.The user is allowed  to make further guesses only if the score is greater than 0.If the score is not greater than zero than the game is over and the player loses  the game.  vii. If all the letters are guessed  correctly  then the player wins the game and thus you need to display the score.  *Note:* If you are entering a letter and it appears more than once in the word then it should be placed in all the places at once.  Example :club name is *ROBOTICS* where *O* appears more than once then    If  you enter *O* as the input then the word should be like:  * O * O * * * * And for further inputs  it will be considered as an wrong input and scores will  deducted accordingly.  *Note:* 1. The code should be well  commented. 2.Avoid plagiarism. 3.You should be very clear with the concepts of the above stated topics and the python basic syntax. 4.Code file and output screenshot must be in the there in a single mail.
